# Linux-Class-Final-Project
I started out the project by creating a virtual box with Linux Mint Cinnamon edition. I chose this distro because it seemed like the gui would be easy to work in and the overall astetic looked nice to me. 
Once I got the virtual machine set up I went to work on the GitHub repository set up. I carefully followed the instructions given by the instructor and watched some videos to find out what GitHub was exactly. I now understand that it is a place to store different projects like scripts people have created to run certain processes. 
I set up my account and watched the instruction videos on setting up the command line to work with the repository. I have to admit I didn't realize this was something we could do with this technology and I was automatically intrigued by how it links the information together. 
I first started by cloning and setting up the repository in the commandline. I have taken screen shots of all my work along the way and will provide a step by step powerpoint of how I went from the start to the end of the project. 
Once I had my public key set up I was ready to use the command line to create a text file and link it to the repository. I followed some more video instructions on how to do this. 
I ran into a bunch of hiccups along the way and had to trouble shoot my way out of it. It took me quite a while to realize I had completely skipped the git commit -m step. Once I figured this out I tried committing my sample text files to the repository again and ran into a security issue. The terminal asked for verification of who I was which required me to enter my username and email. It took me a long time to realize I was using the wrong syntax to enter this information in, but once I figured it out I was able to commit the files to be pushed to the repository. 
I used the git push origin main command to push the files to my main branch in my repository and it worked. 
I used AI to help generate me two codes, one that would display numbers 1 through 50 sequentially and instantly when executed, and one that would count one at a time for 50 seconds. "count.sh" displays the numbers instantly, and countby1.sh does it one number at a time from 1-50.
I will upload the powerpoint with all the additional information and screen shots as detailed in the description. That should conclude anything I had to do while working on this project. 
